.\" manual page for lite2do, a lightweight text-based todo manager
.\" Copyright (C) 2008 Jaromir Hradilek
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document
.\" under the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or
.\" any later version published by the Free Software Foundation;  with no
.\" Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.\" 
.\" A copy  of the license is included  as a file called FDL  in the main
.\" directory of the lite2do source package.
.\"
.TH LITE2DO 1 "5 October 2008" "Version 0.1.1"
.SH NAME
lite2do \- a lightweight text-based todo manager
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B  lite2do
.RI [ options ]
.I  command
.RI [ arguments ]
.br
.B  lite2do
.BR \-h " | " \-v
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B  lite2do
is a lightweight command-line todo manager written in Perl 5. Being based
on w2do and fully compatible with its save file format, it tries to provide
much simpler alternative for those who do not appreciate nor require w2do's
complexity.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP 
.BI list " \fR[\fP@group\fR] [\fPtext\fR...]\fP"
Display items in the task list. All tasks are listed by default, but
desired subset can be easily selected giving a group name, text pattern, or
combination of both.
.TP
.BI add " \fR[\fP@group\fR] \fPtext\fR...\fP"
Add new item to the task list.
.TP
.BI change " id text\fR...\fP"
Change item with selected
.I  id
in the task list.
.TP
.BI finish " id"
Mark item with selected
.I  id
as finished.
.TP
.BI revive " id"
Mark item with selected
.I  id
as unfinished.
.TP
.BI remove " id"
Remove item with selected
.I  id
from the task list.
.TP
.BI undo
Revert last action. When invoked, the data are restored from the backup
file (i.e.
.I  ~/.lite2do.bak
by default), which is deleted at the same time.
.TP
.BI help
Display help message.
.TP
.BI version
Display version information.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BR \-c ", " \-\-colour
Use coloured output; this option is turned off by default, as most users do
not usually fancy having bright colours in their terminal.
.TP
.BI \-s " file" "\fR,\fP \-\-savefile" " file"
Use selected
.I  file
instead of the default
.I  ~/.lite2do
as a save file.
.TP
.BI \-f " colour" "\fR,\fP \-\-finished" " colour"
Use selected
.I  colour
for finished tasks; available options are:
.BR black ,
.BR red ,
.BR green ,
.BR yellow ,
.BR blue ,
.BR magenta ,
.BR cyan
and
.BR white .
.TP
.BI \-u " colour" "\fR,\fP \-\-unfinished" " colour"
Use selected
.I  colour
for unfinished tasks; available options are:
.BR black ,
.BR red ,
.BR green ,
.BR yellow ,
.BR blue ,
.BR magenta ,
.BR cyan
and
.BR white .
.TP
.BR \-h ", " \-\-help
Display help message and exit.
.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-\-version
Display version information and exit.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I  ~/.lite2do
Default save file.
.TP
.I  ~/.lite2do.bak
Default backup file.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR w2do (1),
.BR w2html (1),
.BR w2text (1),
.BR perl (1).
.SH BUGS
To report bugs or even send patches, please visit the project homepage:
<http://gitorious.org/projects/lite2do/>.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Jaromir Hradilek <jhradilek@gmail.com>.
.PP
Permission is granted to copy, distribute and/or modify this document under
the terms of the GNU Free Documentation License, Version 1.2 or any later
version published by the Free Software Foundation; with no Invariant
Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no Back-Cover Texts.
.PP
A copy of the license is included as a file called FDL in the main
directory of the lite2do source package.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2008 Jaromir Hradilek
.PP
This program is free software; see the source for copying conditions. It is
distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
